# Rainmeter
Rainmeter skins &amp; widgets
This skin was created by Sceleri & NighthawkSLO originally and was edited by myself, I resized it to be smaller, changed the colors to represent sombra's color theme, increased the sensitivity to sound response, left-click now opens the overwatch launcher (given your OW is installed in the C drive by default).

To change the sizing of the widget under "[Shape]" change the numbers in shapes 1-4 for the rotating lines where it says "(27.5*#SCALE#)", I downscaled from the original by 75% meaning I divided the previous number by 4. For the inner circle with the sombra logo to change it's size go to the [overlaySkull] section and on the line where "Shape19" is defined change the multiplier numbers next to each #SCALE#, should look like "SCALE .35*#SCALE#,.35*#SCALE#" and simply change the .35 to whatever you prefer. 

To change the colors I added RGB color codes next to the "Fill Color" command, this can be found under the [Shape] section for shapes 1-4 at "Stroke Color 200,138,255 #CloneInnerColor#" for each just change the colors to the new color code you prefer, I used a HTML Color Picker from this website https://htmlcolorcodes.com/ but any will work. To change the Sombra logo go to Shape17 and change the "Fill Color" color codes there should look like "Fill Color 154, 113, 243 #CloneCenterColor#". Example: "Fill Color 255,0,255 #CloneCenterColor#" will make it hot pink instead of purple.

To change the sensitivity of the sound reactions this will be near the top under the [MeasureAudio] section next to Sensitivity variable increase the number to make sensitivity more sensitive to sound or lower to decrease it. Originally it was set to 40 and I increased it by 50% because I find my music and videos are never loud enough to see much movement in the widget at 40. 

To change the launcher option when you right click it above the [overlaySkull] section is a command on a single line that says "LeftMouseUpAction=["C:\Program Files (x86)\Overwatch\Overwatch Launcher.exe" --productcode=pro "Overwatch"]" This command will be most important to users who don't have the same filesystem location as me for overwatch although this should be the default location for most. To fix this if yours is in a different location right click on your Overwatch Desktop Shortcut you already use to open the game launcher and select properties. From there it auto copies the Target value for you (or you can do that manually) and paste it into the square brackets where the current one is. The last part of this command in the quotations is just a name for the program you will be targeting. 

I hope you enjoy this edit to an already cool widget and I learned a lot about how to edit an .ini file for fun so let me know if you have any questions! XD
